all right baby the Hat
I'm just going to unboxing see what
there is inside all right
alright so there's imported from Japan
eech 250 12 white edition slim inside
we'll take a basic history but only
difference is white really saw angeleyes
29 2010 sliced few days ago Thunder
clapping the box okay so come to the
main hold a fully japanese polymerase
and comes with two controllers okay okay
this with the charger for the controller
hdmi to this snow marciac you another
moment of truth beautiful so it's
basically just the model spray hose is
the same head comes with everything
seems that has the new 3d function which
basically you have it to you have the
old ps3 just upgrade your firmware yeah
hurry think I'll stay here so yeah this
is the cec h 2 positives or na yeah
basically everything the same this isn't
white high 60 gigabytes and that's it